Gary: Okay so you're here in New York and I'm
thinking because you've got a lovely cap
and a sweater on that it's all about the
President's Cup, so let us know exactly what's going on.
Chuck: What is the President's Cup Series because some of our listeners
are just sports fans but they may be
just discovering golf.
Neil: President of what? Who's president's cup is that?
Chuck: I'm the president of golf. That's right! Okay, sorry.
Geoff: Well I guess if you've been on this planet for a while I guess
you probably have heard of something
called the Ryder Cup which is
basically the European Tour versus the
US tour in golf, kind of a
bragging rights kind of thing it's been
going on for a really long time and
that's become a really really big event
but that's owned by the PGA of America.
At the PGA Tour which is really kind of
the powerful organization which kind of
runs the tour on a regular basis kind of
wanted to get in on the mix so they
created their own thing called the
President's Cup which is the US team
versus everyone else in the world except
for Europe which is quite a lot of good
golfers. Generally there's four
or five of the top ten in the world of
this out of that sort of area of the
world so they created this event I think
in the early 90s. This is about nine or
ten now it's every two years every other
Ryder Cup year so it's um this year at
Liberty National which is staring at the
Statue of Liberty and the skyline in New
York
Chuck: And happens to be the very best
golf club in the world outside of any
other golf club I own so sorry.
Chuck: Man this guy knows what he's doing!
Geoff: We're staying down um kind of
Wall Street way - Battery Park - we get
the ferry everyday. And if
anyone ever wants to see professional
golfers actually get truly passionate go
to a President's Cup a Ryder Cup because
it means a lot more when you're playing
for everyone else.
Gary: Who's gonna win? One word answer.
Geoff: Internationals. Gary: Yeah there you.
Neil: And which president does it refer to?
Geoff: All of the above.
Chuck: Every president there's ever been.
Geoff: 45 of them. Neil: Oh, it's an American President's Cup. Okay I'm sorry.
Geoff: Well they didn't a name and it was a good name. The presidents didn't have one so now they've got one.
Neil: Okay!
Gary: Geoff Ogilvy, absolute pleasure.
Chuck: I hope we can get you back.
You are really cool to talk to!
Neil: Just a quick thing...the putting green...
That's actually real grass? Geoff: Real grass. Neil: Because I've never seen grass that looks like
putting green grass. You guys must like genetically engineer that stuff.
Geoff: Believe it or not we do, I think
maybe we should come back and talk about it.
Chuck: Absolutely on, we'll get a greenskeeper in! Well, that's our Playing With Science show.
If you really love what we do,
Chuck tell them where to go.
Chuck: Go ahead and subscribe wherever you get
your podcast. So coverage of the
Presidents Cup will be on the Golf
Channel on Thursday and Friday and NBC
on Saturday and Sunday. Thanks for
watching Playing With Science.